Lenovo Yoga C740 Convertible 2-in-1 Laptop: Increase productivity at work with this Lenovo Yoga notebook. The Intel UHD integrated graphics unit renders high-quality visuals on the 14-inch Full HD touch screen, while the 256GB SSD offers ample storage space for your files. This Lenovo Yoga notebook has an Intel Core i5 processor and 8GB of RAM, letting you run multiple programs simultaneously.
Laptop Buying Guide
Features
Intel 10th Generation Core i5
Lenovo
Windows 10 operating system
Windows 10 brings back the Start Menu from Windows 7 and introduces new features, like the Edge Web browser that lets you markup Web pages on your screen. Learn more ›

14" Full HD 10-point multitouch screen
The 1920 x 1080 resolution boasts impressive color and clarity. Touch, tap, glide and make the most of Windows 10. IPS technology for wide viewing angles. Energy-efficient LED backlight.

10th Gen Intel® Core™ i5-10210U mobile processor
Ultra-low-voltage platform. Quad-core, eight-way processing provides maximum high-efficiency power to go.

8GB system memory for advanced multitasking
Substantial high-bandwidth RAM to smoothly run your games and photo- and video-editing applications, as well as multiple programs and browser tabs all at once.

256GB solid state drive (SSD)
While offering less storage space than a hard drive, a flash-based SSD has no moving parts, resulting in faster start-up times and data access, no noise, and reduced heat production and power draw on the battery.

360° flip-and-fold design
Offers four versatile modes — laptop, tablet, tent and stand. Lenovo Transition automatically switches specific applications to full screen when changing from PC to tablet, tent or stand position.

Intel® UHD Graphics
On-processor graphics with shared video memory provide everyday image quality for Internet use, basic photo editing and casual gaming.

Weighs 3.09 lbs. and measures 0.7" thin
Ultrathin and ultralight for maximum portability, featuring a smaller screen size and omitting the DVD/CD drive to achieve the compact form factor. 4-cell lithium-ion battery.

Aluminum chassis
Offers a sleek look.

Wireless/Wired connectivity (WiFi 5 - 802.11 ac)
Connect to a Wireless-AC router for nearly 3x the speed, more capacity and wider coverage than Wireless-N. Backward-compatible with all other Wi-Fi networks and hotspots.

Built-in HD webcam with dual array microphone
Makes it easy to video chat with family and friends or teleconference with colleagues over Skype or other popular applications.

Backlit keyboard for easy typing in dim or dark locations
Touchpad with scroll and multitouch capability.

Built-in fingerprint reader
Streamlines security settings for quick, typo-free access.

Basic software package included
30-days trial of Microsoft Office 2019.

Additional port
Headphone/microphone combo jack.

Note: This laptop does not include a built-in DVD/CD drive.

Intel, Pentium, Celeron, Core, Atom, Ultrabook, Intel Inside and the Intel Inside logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.

Alexa Built-In*
With Alexa on your PC, you can voice control your day at home and on the go. Just ask, and Alexa can add an appointment to your calendar, turn on the lights, set a reminder, or play today's hits. *Requires Activation

What's Included
Lenovo Yoga C740-14IML 81TC
4-cell battery
USB-C power adapter