Engineered for long-lasting performance, the Lenovo™ IdeaPad™ 3 delivers powerful performance in a laptop that's perfect for your everyday tasks, with features that you can depend on.
Features
Intel 10th Generation Core i5
Lenovo
Windows 10 operating system
Windows 10 brings back the Start Menu from Windows 7 and introduces new features, like the Edge Web browser that lets you markup Web pages on your screen.

15.6" touch screen for hands-on control
Touch, tap, glide and make the most of Windows 10. HD TruBrite technology amps up color and clarity. Typical 1366 x 768 HD resolution. Supports 720p content. Energy-efficient LED backlight.

10th Gen Intel® Core™ i5-1035G1 processor
Smart dual-core, four-way processing performance. Intel Turbo Boost Technology delivers dynamic extra power when you need it, while increasing energy efficiency when you don't.

12GB system memory for full-power multitasking
Plenty of high-bandwidth RAM to smoothly run your games and photo- and video-editing applications, as well as multiple programs and browser tabs all at once.

Solid State Drive (PCI-e)
Save files fast and store more data. With massive amounts of storage and advanced communication power, PCI-e SSDs are great for major gaming applications, multiple servers, daily backups, and more.

Intel® UHD Graphics
On-processor graphics with shared video memory provide everyday image quality for Internet use, basic photo editing and casual gaming.

Weighs 4.07 lbs. and measures 0.78" thin
Thin and light design with DVD/CD drive omitted for improved portability. 2-cell lithium-ion battery.

HDMI output expands your viewing options
Connect to an HDTV or high-def monitor to set up two screens side by side or just see more of the big picture.

Wireless/Wired connectivity (WiFi 5 - 802.11 ac)
Connect to a Wireless-AC router for nearly 3x the speed, more capacity and wider coverage than Wireless-N. Backward-compatible with all other Wi-Fi networks and hotspots.

Built-in HD webcam with microphone
Makes it easy to video chat with family and friends or teleconference with colleagues over Skype or other popular applications.

Basic software package included
30-days trial of Microsoft Office.

This laptop does not include a built-in DVD/CD drive.

What's Included
Notebook, Charger, User Guide